You... cowards!
Just shut up!
And bet everything you have on me!
What you need is to be trained \Nlike a dog, not a man.
Then my decision is made.
The Survey Corps gained custody of Eren.
They now prepare for the expedition beyond the walls.
Special Ops Squad \NNight Before the Counteroffensive (2)
{\fad(689,1)}Trost
{\fad(460,0)}Former Survey Corps Headquarters
The old Survey Corps HQ...
Originally, it was an old castle we remodeled.
So it certainly looks imposing.
But being so far from the rivers and walls,
it ended up being useless for the Survey Corps.
It was established right after\N the Survey Corps's formation,
when ideals were all they had.
But I never imagined that this \Ngiant ornament would end up
being the perfect place to hide you.
Don't get cocky, new kid.
Sir?
I don't care if you're a Titan.
I can't believe Captain Levi will spend \Nall his time with a brat like you...
It's no wonder you bit your tongue, \Ntalking up a storm while riding a horse!
First impressions are important.
The new kid almost pissed his pants.
I think he was just surprised \Nby how dumb you are.
Either way, my plan worked.
You didn't always talk like that, did you?
If...
If you're seriously doing it to imitate \NCaptain Levi, please stop.
You aren't like him in the slightest.
Trying to bind my hands, Petra?
You haven't followed all the \Nnecessary steps to become my wife.
I wish you'd bitten through \Nyour tongue and died.
Going on and on about how \Nmany Titans you've killed...
Don't worry.
I bragged about the rest of you, too.
Those are the members of the \NSurvey Corps Special Operations Squad.
Also known as Squad Levi.
You're pathetic!
Petra Rall.
Titan kills, ten.
Assists, forty-eight.
Oluo Bozad.
Kills, thirty-nine.
Assists, nine.
By any definition, they're the best.
Eldo Jinn.
Kills, fourteen.
Assists, thirty-two.
Gunther Schultz.
Kills, seven.
Assists, forty.
They're the best of the Survey Corps,
specially selected by Captain Levi.
And...
If I lose control, they'll be the ones who kill me.
Look at all these weeds.
What a mess.
It hasn't been used for years.
Inside, it's probably covered in dust.
That's a serious problem.
We'll begin immediately.
I've finished cleaning the upper floor.
Where should I sleep?
You sleep in the basement.
In the basement again?
Of course.
You can't control yourself.
If you're underground,
we can contain you if you turn \Ninto a Titan while half-asleep.
That was one of the conditions of your coming here.
It's a rule you'll have to follow.
I'll inspect the rooms.
Eren, take over here.
Yes, sir.
You look disappointed, Eren.
Excuse me?
Ah, I'll just call you Eren... \NLike Captain Levi does.
Here, he sets all the rules.
Sure, I don't mind...
But did I really look so disappointed?
Your reaction isn't all that uncommon.
He isn't the perfect hero \Nthat people say, right?
The real Captain Levi
is smaller, more high-strung,
and more violent than people \Nthink—an intimidating man.
No, what surprised me was how
closely he seemed to follow orders from above.
Because he's powerful and influential,
you assumed he wouldn't let \Nformalities hold him back?
Yes.
I thought he wouldn't take orders from anyone.
I don't know the details,
but before, he may have \Nbeen just like you said.
Before he joined the Survey Corps,
he was a famous thug, operating \Nin the capital's underground.
Why would someone like that...
I don't know.
I'm not sure what happened,
but I heard Captain Erwin brought \Nhim into the Survey Corps.
Captain Erwin?
Hey, Eren...
Y-Yes, sir!
That isn't nearly good enough.
Redo the whole thing.
Then, in thirty days, we're going beyond \Nthe walls to set up resupply points?
And we're to bring along new recruits \Nfrom this year's graduates, too.
If there will be any new recruits, that is.
Regardless, I believe it's too soon.
Eren's present circumstance \Nis only a temporary measure.
We must demonstrate to the Center
that he's a benefit to \Nhumanity as soon as possible.
Otherwise,
we'll have the Military Police after us aga—
You're even using that story on me, Erwin?
You're as sharp as ever, Mike.
But not as sharp as you.
I'll tell you when the time comes.
We'll be on standby for a few more days.
I heard we're already planning a large-scale \Nexpedition beyond the walls in a month.
Not to mention, we'll be bringing \Nthis year's graduates along, too.
Is that true, Eldo?
That's pretty sudden.
That Titan attack must've taken \Na toll on the new troops.
It probably terrified the brats.
Is that true, Captain?
Making plans isn't my job.
But knowing Erwin,
he has more on his mind \Nthan we could imagine.
It's true that the situation has changed.
I'd thought that all of our sacrifice \Nthus far to lay a route to retake Maria
had been negated by a single blow.
But now we have an entirely different hope.
I still can't believe it.
But what do they mean when
they say you turn into a Titan, Eren?
I don't really remember what happened.
I was so desperate, I couldn't think...
But the trigger is self-inflicted injury.
I take my hand like this...
Wait... How do I know this?
You know we won't get anything
out of Eren that isn't already \Ncovered in the reports.
But I'm sure a certain \Nsomeone has other ideas.
Maybe fiddle around with you, \Nand even kill you, Eren.
Someone?
Hello, Levi Squad...
How are you enjoying the castle?
You're early.
I couldn't wait any longer!
Squad Leader Hanji?
Hey there, Eren...
I'm in charge of investigating the \Ntwo Titans we've captured in town,
and I'd like you to help with \Ntomorrow's experiments.
I came to get permission.
Experiments?
What would I be doing?
Something totally awesome!
W-Well...
I can't give permission for myself.
I don't have that authority...
Levi, what's Eren doing tomorrow?
Cleaning the courtyard.
Okay, then!
It's settled!
Eren... See you tomorrow!
R-Right...
But what do you mean by \Nexperiments with Titans?
Hmm?
U-Um, what kind of experiments...
Hey, stop... Don't ask!
I knew it.
I thought you looked like \Nyou wanted to hear...
If you really want to hear about it...
That's just fine.
I'll have to tell you...
About the boys we captured.
Information We Can Share So Far:
Wallists (1) \NMembers of a religious organization that \Nproselytizes within the walls. They worship \Nthe walls as God, refusing to allow any \Nchanges to them, even for defensive purposes.
Information We Can Share So Far:
Wallists (2) \NSince Wall Maria's fall, their numbers have \Nrapidly increased, as has their influence.
We started by repeating the experiments
from the last five successful captures.
Hi, there!
First, we tested if \Ncommunication was possible.
How are you doing?
What's your name?
Does that hurt?
Sir, you're too close!
Hi, there.
Nice weather we're having.
Hungry?
That was close!
Too close!
Sir, it's too dangerous!
Unfortunately, we reached the \Nsame conclusion as before,
that communication was impossible.
But my time with the Titans
has been so fulfilling \Nthat I could almost
\Nforget the weariness from my daily toils.
Once upon a time, there was \Na tribe that ate humans.
I'm not talking about you Titans.
I'm talking about a human tribe.
They hid in a cave, \Ndeep in the mountains,
and attacked travelers on the road,
stealing their valuables \Nand eating their flesh.
The Squad Leader's started the \Nusual naming ceremony again.
Yeah, what was it last time?
Chikachironi and Albert.
For twenty-five years, \Nthey kept this up.
They say that there were more than \Nfive hundred victims in all.
That's probably even more than \Nthe number of humans you've eaten.
And they tried preparing them \Nin a number of ways.
They made steaks out of butts.
Cut thighs into chunks for stew.
They would chop up, knead, and bake \Nthe tougher flesh as mincemeat.
They made sausage of \Nthe blood and organs.
Yes, they were capable of cooking.
That's one difference from you.
But that tribe of cannibals was \Ncaptured after a single mistake,
then executed.
Just like you two.
You made the mistake \Nof attacking humanity,
and you were captured.
And so, I'd like to give you the names \Nof the male head of that tribe.
You're Sawney.
You're Bean.
But don't worry...
I won't have you executed.
Nice to meet you, Sawney.
And you, Bean.
Let's all be friends.
And so, I named the seven-meter class Bean,
{\fad(1,756)}and the four-meter class Sawney.
Next, we tried cutting \Nthem off from sunlight.
We know that Titans start shutting \Ndown as the night progresses.
So we wanted to experiment to verify
that sunlight was powering them somehow.
There were large individual differences \Nas to how they were affected.
You did well, Sawney.
Goodnight.
See you tomorrow.
After losing access to sunlight, \NSawney started slowing down in an hour...
You really like to stay up late, Bean.
That's fine... I'll stay up with you.
But Bean was fine for three hours.
I was amazed yet again.
They don't eat or drink.
They have vocal organs, \Nbut they don't need to breathe.
For energy, all they require is sunlight.
What if we deprived them of it \Nfor an extended period?
I am curious, but it wouldn't \Ndo to have them die on us.
We killed the last boys \Nwe caught by mistake...
When we experimented with \Ncutting off their heads,
we took off the backs of their necks, too.
Chikachironi and Albert \Nwere their names.
Their smiles were so cute.
I feel really bad about \Nwhat we did to them.
I never want to feel that way again!
Hanji-san...
And then, we started touching \Ntheir bodies directly,
to test their sense of pain!
Sir, you don't need to scream, too!
How can I not?!
Look at how much Bean is suffering...
Bean, stay strong!
Endure it!
We had to see if Titans \Nhad any vulnerabilities
beyond the backs of their necks.
It was an extremely difficult task...
Sawney...
Look, it's gone right into your heart.
Doesn't it hurt?
How does it feel?
Unlike Bean, Sawney was introverted, \Nand rarely responded.
What?
What's wrong?
Sir, get back!
That was really close, Sawney...
At this rate, you'll really die!
So Sawney isn't good with self-expression.
He just kept trying to bite my head off.
Uh, Hanji-san?
How can you stay so \Ncheerful around Titans?
I mean,
they've almost wiped us out... \NThey're our natural predators.
And you've seen what they \Ncan do hundreds of times.
You're right.
I've seen many, many friends get \Nkilled by Titans right in front of me.
When I first joined the Survey Corps, \Nit was hatred that drove me...
But then, one day I realized it.
It was after I'd kicked away the \Nhead of a three-meter Titan.
It was light... Extremely light.
The Titan's body...
Something that size shouldn't \Neven be able to stand,
much less walk, on two feet.
That's true of all of them.
I once cut off an arm,
and it didn't weigh nearly \Nwhat it should have.
I'm told when you became a Titan,
the body appeared out of thin air.
I believe that
the Titans we see and the \NTitans of actuality might
be different things altogether.
For decades, we've tried to fight the \NTitans with hatred in our hearts.
I want to try and see them from a \Ndifferent angle than the current norm.
It may end up not meaning a thing.
But I'm going to do it anyway!
Since I joined the Survey Corps, \Nit's been one surprise after the next.
Not just Hanji-san...
Everyone here is odd.
It's like a den of madmen...
However...
The Survey Corps is a group of \Npeople who desire change!
Hanji-san...
Could you tell me more \Nabout your experiments?
Really?
Yes!
I think it's best for tomorrow's \Nexperiments if I know the details.
Th-That's true...
Yeah.
There is a lot of stuff I skipped...
I'll give you more details.
But it'll take a while.
That's fine!
When we first captured a Titan, \Nthis was my hypothesis...
And thus, we didn't learn anything \Nnew from these experiments.
You should have learned everything
I just told you when you were a trainee.
You knew all that, right?
Yes...
I knew it all.
So let's go over it once more, \Nthis time adding my own hypotheses.
What?
Um, I think—
First, the Titans...
Is Squad Leader Hanji here?
The test subjects...
Both Titans were killed!
Sawney!
Bean!
This can't be real...
Tell me it isn't real!
Those subjects were very valuable...
Did one of the soldiers do it?
Yeah, we don't know who yet.
They were both killed at the \Nsame time before dawn.
By the time the watchmen noticed,
they'd used their Maneuver \NGear to get away.
So this was a deliberate plan, \Ninvolving two or more people...
Sawney!
Look... Squad Leader Hanji's gone nuts.
What is this?
Let's go.
It's up to the Military Police now.
R-Right...
What do you see?
What do you think the enemy is?
I'm sorry to ask something so odd.
The hunt for Sawney and Bean's killers begins.
Meanwhile, Mikasa, Armin, and the other\Ngraduates of the 104th Trainee Corps
grapple with their own thoughts
as they choose their affiliation.
What Should Be Done \NNight Before the Counteroffensive (3)
