Answer up, you piece of crap.
What do you want to do?
I want to join the Survey Corps
and just slaughter the Titans!
Oh?
Not bad.
Erwin,
I'll take responsibility for him.
Convey that to the brass.
It isn't that I trust him.
If he betrays us or loses control, \NI'll kill him on the spot.
They shouldn't complain.
Because only I can do it.
I accept your request.
You can join the Survey Corps.
Still Can't See \NNight Before the Counteroffensive (1)
Hey, is there really a Titan that \Nhas sided with humanity?
{\a6}Obviously, it's just a rumor.
{\a6}It's possible the mission to retake
{\a6}our land will fail, and we'll end up with \Ntons of refugees from Wall Rose.
{\fad(540,0)}Wall Sina Interior
If that happens, we'll immediately \Nhave a food shortage.
Hey...
Maybe that Titan is going to join \Nthe Rose inhabitants and invade us.
{\fad(450,60)}Wall Sina
{\fad(450,60)}Wall Rose
It's amazing!
{\a6}A Titan on our side has appeared!
{\fad(420,0)}Wall Rose Interior
{\a6}Maybe we can even take back Wall Maria!
You could even say...
You could even say he's our savior!
A savior, huh?
Whatever the era, people are so irresponsible.
He'll probably be a pawn in a \Nrevolt against the Center.
Before that happens, we of the Military \NPolice must eliminate Eren Jaeger.
We can't let those Survey Corps weirdos have him.
Attention!
Salute our commander!
It's hot...
Commander Pixis,
don't you suppose that some
might not approve of the Garrison \NCommander meeting privately
with the commander of the Survey Corps?
Ah, you're as stiff-necked as they say.
Don't worry.
I simply happened to run into you
during my morning walk.
And we are merely engaging in \Nsmall talk as I enjoy my walk.
Are you aware the Military Police \Nnow want Eren Jaeger, too?
Yes.
I received a message yesterday.
A military tribunal will decide.
Hmm...
Zackley has been authorized to decide whether
the Survey Corps or Military Police get him.
Zackley...
Commander-in-Chief Darius Zackley?
The man who controls all three military \Nforces: the Military Police,
the Garrison, and the Survey Corps.
His decisions are based only on one criterion:
whether it's good or bad for humanity.
If he thinks Eren is a threat,
he'll order Eren's execution \Nwithout a second thought.
Right on the spot.
I don't want to let Eren die.
But sadly, many among the Garrison fear him...
All I can do is refuse to cast my \Nlot with the Military Police.
Do you think you can win?
No.
But I'm prepared to make a proposal.
Whether it works will depend \Non how the inquiry goes.
Then you won't know until you're there?
Our mandate is investigating beyond the walls.
So we never know what we'll see till we're there.
I guess there is more to you than I thought.
It's been an excellent walk, Commander Smith.
Eren's inquisition...
What's it about?
I'm not sure, but I'd guess they're \Ndeciding what to do with Eren.
What to do with him?
Probably whether to kill him or let him live.
Mikasa Ackerman! Armin Arlert!
Are you here?
Yes, sir.
You've been ordered to appear
as witnesses at this afternoon's inquiry.
I'm sorry, but I need the restroom.
You just went!
Please give me some water.
Hey...
Know your place, monster.
Monster?
That's true, but...
But they're so afraid of me, \Nthey have to chain me up?
I guess I understand...
It's not like I know what's happening, either.
Maybe I'm lucky I'm not already dead.
Come to think of it...
Those two weren't ever scared of me.
What are they doing now?
And the others...
What happened to them?
Give us a little more time.
We'll persuade them somehow.
It's been days since then.
What's going on outside?
I won't be in here forever, will I?
So you're Eren, huh?
Are you okay? Anything new?
Sorry to keep you waiting.
But it seems you're finally getting out.
But you'll have to wear these.
I'm Hanji Zoe, a Survey Corps squad leader.
He's another squad leader, Mike Zacharius.
Um...
He has the habit of smelling \Npeople he's just met,
and then smirking.
I don't think it has any real significance...
After all, he's good enough that \Nthey gave him a squad.
Oh, sorry! Too much chit-chat.
We're already here.
Don't worry.
It's actually better not to get \Nany explanation in advance.
Wait!
I know it's selfish,
but we have no choice but to blindly trust you.
Good luck!
The military court...
This whole time, I was below the military court?
Step forward.
Information We Can Share So Far:
Special Military Tribunal (1) \NA military court that judges soldiers \Nand military personnel. The judge, \Nprosecution, and defense are all \Ncomposed of military personnel.
Information We Can Share So Far:
Special Military Tribunal (2) \NPolitics have more influence than in a \Nnormal military tribunal. \NDarius Zackley, leader of the three \Nmilitary forces, makes the final decision.
Kneel there!
What's with this lineup?
What are they even judging here?
You guys...
Well then, let us begin.
Eren Jaeger, yes?
You are a soldier, sworn to sacrifice \Nyour life for the public good.
Is that correct?
Yes, sir.
This is an exceptional situation.
This tribunal will be held under \Nmilitary, not civilian, law.
The final decision rests entirely in my hands.
Your fate will be decided here.
I knew it...
Do you have any objections?
No, sir.
I appreciate your perception.
I will be direct.
As anticipated, concealing your \Nexistence has proved impossible.
We must make your existence \Npublic in some form,
or a threat to humanity other \Nthan Titans may arise.
What I will decide today is which \Nforce will have custody of you.
The Military Police?
Or the Survey Corps?
Then, I ask the Military Police for their proposal.
Yes, sir.
I, Commander of the Military Police,
Nile Dawk, will present my proposal.
After a thorough investigation of Eren's body,
we believe he should be \Neliminated immediately.
It's certainly true that his Titan power \Novercame our previous peril.
However, now his existence \Nthreatens to spark a civil war.
So we ask him to die for humanity's sake,
leaving behind all the information he can.
There is no need for that!
{\an8}He is an invasive pest!
{\an8}He has deceived the walls that embody God's wisdom!
That's one of the Wallists.
{\an8}He must be killed at once!
Five years ago, no one paid \Nany attention to them...
{\an8}Priest Nick.
{\an8}Order, please.
But they've gained power.
We'll hear the Survey Corps's proposal next.
Yes, sir.
I, 13th Commander of the Survey Corps,
Erwin Smith, will present my proposal.
We would welcome Eren as an \Nofficial member of our forces,
and use his power to retake Wall Maria.
That is all.
That's all?
Yes, sir.
With his power, we can retake Wall Maria.
We believe it is clear what \Nour priorities should be.
I see.
And where do you plan to begin this mission?
Pixis, the Trost wall has been \Ncompletely sealed, correct?
Yes, it can never be opened again.
We would like to set out \Nfrom Karanes, in the east.
Karanes District
Trost District
Zhiganshina District
From there, we will proceed to Zhiganshina.
We will determine the route as we go.
Wait a minute!
Shouldn't we seal all the wall \Ngates once and for all?
The Colossal Titan can only destroy the gates.
If we can strengthen them, \Nwe needn't endure further attacks!
Shut up, merchant dog!
With that Titan's power, \Nwe can return to Wall Maria!
We can no longer indulge your \Ndelusions of grandeur!
You talk a lot, pig.
Where is your proof
that the Titans will wait while we seal the gates?
The "we" you speak of are only those
you wish to protect, your "friends" \Nwho help line your pockets.
The people who starve because \Nthere isn't enough land to sow
don't even figure into the thoughts of you pigs.
We just thought that we could \Nsurvive by sealing the wall gates—
Silence!
Impious traitor!
Mere humans altering Wall Rose, \Nwalls that were a gift from God?
Can you truly see those walls,
God's work far beyond human capabilities,
and not understand?
Thanks to them,
{\an8}Humanity is not fit to lay a single finger on those walls!
it took ages before we could even \Nmount weaponry on the walls.
They have a lot of support and power, \Nwhich makes them difficult.
Heresy!
I'll have you be quiet, priest!
What?
Silence.
You may discuss your personal philosophies \Nand opinions elsewhere.
Jaeger, I wish to confirm something.
Can you continue to serve as a soldier, \Nusing your Titan powers
to benefit humanity?
Yes, I can!
But the report on Trost's defense says this...
"Immediately after turning into a Titan, \Nhe swung his fist at Mikasa Ackerman."
He doesn't remember being unable to control it...
You want me to lie in a report?
Hiding the truth wouldn't help humanity.
Is Mikasa Ackerman present?
Yes, that's me.
You are Ackerman?
Is it true that, as a Titan, \NJaeger attacked you?
Lying isn't going to help Eren one bit.
Yes, it's true.
I knew it... He's just another Titan.
I tried to kill Mikasa?
Me?
But on two previous occasions,
Eren saved my life in his Titan form.
The first time,
mere seconds before a Titan would \Nhave had me in his grasp,
he stood between us, protecting me.
The second time, he saved Armin \Nand me from an HE shell.
I would like these facts to \Nbe considered, as well.
I object.
I believe these comments are greatly \Ncolored by her personal feelings.
At an early age, Mikasa Ackerman lost her parents,
and was taken in by the Jaeger household.
Our investigation has also revealed
a surprising fact about the underlying events.
At age nine, Eren Jaeger and Mikasa Ackerman
killed three robbers who tried to kidnap her.
Even if it was self-defense,
I must question their fundamental humanity.
Is it right to entrust humanity's fate, \Nresources, and lives to him?
That's right!
He's just a Titan that infiltrated \Nus by pretending to be a child!
So is she!
Do we know that she's human?
That's right! Just to be safe, \Nwe should dissect her!
Wait!
I may be a monster, but she \Nhas nothing to do with it!
Nothing at all!
We can't trust that!
It's true!
If you're covering for her, \Nit means she's one of you!
No!
I mean...
You are wrong.
But you're simply coming \Nup with theories that fit
whatever it suits you to think.
What did you say?
Besides, all of you people...
Is this smart?
You've never even seen a Titan!
What are you so afraid of?
Should I just keep my mouth shut?
No, I'll tell them everything I'm thinking.
What is the point if those with the \Nmeans and power do not fight?
If you're afraid to fight for survival,
then help me!
You... cowards!
What?
Just shut up!
And bet everything you have on me!
Weapons ready!
Yes, sir!
Huh?
Wait, Mikasa!
This is a personal opinion.
But I believe pain to be the \Nbest way to train someone.
What you need is to be trained \Nlike a dog, not a man.
It's easier to kick you while you're kneeling, too.
Wait, Levi...
What is it?
That's dangerous...
What if he gets angry and turns into a Titan?
What are you saying?
Aren't you going to dissect him?
When he turned into a Titan last time,
he killed twenty other Titans before collapsing.
If he is an enemy, his intelligence \Nmakes him a more formidable foe.
Still no match for me, of course.
But what will you do?
Anyone persecuting him should \Nalso consider that fact.
Do you really think you can kill him?
Sir, I have a proposal.
What is it?
The details of Eren's Titan power remain uncertain.
Making it dangerous.
Thus, I propose to have Captain Levi \Ntake responsibility for Eren's control,
and embark on an expedition outside the walls.
With Eren in tow?
Yes, sir.
Based on the expedition's results,
I'd like you to judge whether Eren \Ncan control his Titan power
and whether he is a boon or bane to humanity.
Control Eren Jaeger...
Can you do it, Levi?
I'm certain I can kill him.
The only problem is I doubt I can do any less.
Then my decision is made.
That was really terrible.
It hurts, right?
A little.
So, how does it hurt?
I'm sorry.
But thanks to that, \Nwe had you turned over to us.
Yes, sir.
The pain you endured allowed me to play my cards
at the right moment.
You have my respect.
Eren, I look forward to working with you.
Yes, sir! Thank you!
Hey, Eren...
Yes, sir?
Do you resent me?
N-No...
I understand why it was necessary.
That's good.
But you took it a little far.
You lost a tooth.
See?
Don't pick that up... It's creepy.
Even this is an important sample.
Eren, it's still better than getting \Ndissected by people like Hanji, right?
I'm not like them...
I wouldn't kill him.
Hey, Eren...
Let me see the inside of your mouth.
The tooth...
It's already grown back.
Eren has finally been assigned \Nto the Survey Corps of his dreams.
But he finds that the Corps is a group of people
who long for revolution...
Or perhaps it is a den of madmen.
Special Ops Squad \NNight Before the Counteroffensive (2)
