What Should Be Done \NNight Before the Counteroffensive (3)
When did you last change shafts?
Six days ago.
After the clean-up operation.
Just as the records say.
Okay, next.
You...
Krista Lenz, squad 42.
Check for wear.
Guess you can be punished for killing Titans...
It's weird, but those were valuable test subjects.
Sure, but why look for the \Nculprit among us trainees?
Yeah. We just finished the \Nbattlefield clean-up today.
Everyone's exhausted.
They must've really hated Titans.
Yeah.
But in reality, they've \Nended up helping the Titans...
Their desire for vengeance \Nmay have been fulfilled,
but it's a blow to humanity.
I think I kind of get why they did it \Nbecause I'm also an idiot...
Before I saw the Titans,
I seriously planned to join the Survey Corps.
But I never want to see another.
And today, we have to decide which force to join.
Even Jean's seriously...
Everyone's regretting it.
If I'd known it'd be this hellish,
I'd have never chosen to be a soldier.
Now that I'm exhausted,
it's all I can think about...
Hey, Marco...
I can't even tell which are your bones anymore.
If I hadn't become a soldier,
I wouldn't have to think about \Nwho'll be on that pile next.
Will we abandon the tactics that cost \Ntens of thousands of lives to develop,
and let the Titans eat us without a fight?
I know we have to fight...
But not everyone is as eager to die as you.
I hope you won't get mad when I say this...
But you aren't a strong person.
So you can relate to how the weak feel.
In addition, you excel in \Nsizing up any situation.
Isn't that why you immediately \Nknow what should be done?
What should be done...
Hey, guys...
Have you decided which one you're joining?
I have.
I...
I...
I'm joining the Survey Corps!
Damn it.
Hey, Annie, what did you think?
Even Jean said he's joining the Survey Corps.
Huh? Jean said that?
Nothing in particular.
You're joining the Military Police right?
Maybe I should, too.
If someone told you to die, would you do it?
What? Of course not.
Then why not make your own decision?
Armin, what about you?
I...
I think if you know why you have to die,
there are times when you simply must.
Not that I want to.
I see... You've made your choice.
Yeah.
I've been thinking about \Ndoing it for a long time.
Seriously? Armin, you, as well?
You're weak, but you have guts.
Th-Thank you.
Annie, you're actually pretty nice, aren't you?
It seems like you don't want \Nus to join the Survey Corps.
Isn't there a reason you want \Nto join the Military Police?
Not really.
It's only
that I want to survive.
It looks like they didn't find \Nany soldiers who've used
their Maneuver Gear without permission.
Then who did it?
No idea...
Right now, I'm more worried about \Nthe upcoming induction ceremony.
How many among the new troops \Nwill be crazy enough to join us?
Hey, Eren...
Are there any in your class \Nwho will request to join us?
There are.
No, there were.
I don't know about now.
Attention!
Get ready.
We're going out on patrol.
Yes, sir!
Good morning, Captain Levi!
Listen, Eren...
Never fall two horse lengths behind me.
Don't forget that the only reason
you're not locked up is because I'm watching you.
Yes, sir!
Let's go.
Jean...
You're really joining the Survey Corps?
Yeah.
Why, all of a sudden?
I mean... Aren't you scared?
Huh?
Of course I don't want to join the Survey Corps.
Th-Then why...
It isn't that I decided the Titans don't scare me.
And I won't say something like, \N"The best should join the Survey Corps."
I'm not as eager to die as some.
You mean Eren?
He already joined the Survey Corps.
Trainees, line up!
Line up before the stage!
{\an8}Line up before the stage!
I'm not risking my life because \Nsomeone convinced me.
This is a job you can't do unless \Nyou decide for yourself.
I am Erwin Smith, Commander of the Survey Corps.
Today, you will choose a military branch.
Put bluntly, I'm here to persuade \Nyou to join the Survey Corps.
During the Titan attack,
you learned how terrifying they can be.
And how limited your own power is.
However...
This battle brought humanity
closer to victory than it's ever been.
Through Eren Jaeger's existence.
By risking his own life, he's proven himself,
without doubt, a friend to humanity.
With his help, not only did we \Nstop the Titans' advance,
but we have a way to discover their true nature.
We believe that in the basement \Nof his Zhiganshina home,
there are answers about the Titans \Nthat he himself doesn't have.
If we can reach that basement,
we will find a clue that will end \Nthis century of Titan rule.
The basement?
We've already advanced that far?
If we learn what they are, we can end this!
No matter how much he wants recruits,
I can't believe he's publicizing this information.
Or does he have some hidden motive?
What is he trying to see?
Branch Selection (1) \NAfter three years of training, a ceremony \Nis held in which trainees choose among the \NGarrison, Survey Corps, or Military Police.
Information We Can Share So Far:
Branch Selection (2) \NHowever, only the top ten can enter the \NMilitary Police, so the choice is limited to the \NSurvey Corps or the Garrison. Most select the Garrison.
We will head for the basement in Zhiganshina.
However, that requires us to retake Wall Maria.
In other words, our objective hasn't changed.
But with the Trost gate sealed,
we'll have to take the long way \Naround, from Karanes to the east.
The four years we spent laying a route
for a large army have gone to waste.
In those four years,
more than sixty percent \Nof the Survey Corps lost their lives.
Sixty percent in four years...
An insane figure.
Any trainees who join
will participate in our excursion \Nbeyond the walls, in a month.
We expect thirty percent won't return.
In four years, most will be dead.
But those who survive
will become superior soldiers \Nwith a high survival rate.
Knowing these discouraging facts,
any still willing to risk their lives, remain here.
Ask yourself...
Are you willing to offer your \Nbeating heart for humanity?
That is all.
Anyone who wishes to join another \Nbranch is dismissed.
Commander...
Don't you think you scared them a little much?
All of them will leave!
Damn it...
Come on, you already decided!
Don't make me hate myself any more...
If I don't leave now, I'll have \Nto face them again.
I left the village to join the Military Police...
My mom will be happy.
If I join the Military Police, the whole \Nvillage will think better of me.
We all already know...
We've seen it...
How the Titans...
...eat humans!
Can you die if you're ordered to?
I don't want to die!
I see.
I like the looks on your faces.
Then I welcome everyone \Nhere to the Survey Corps!
This is a true salute!
Offer up your hearts!
Everyone...
This is terrible.
The Survey Corps...
I'm scared!
I want to go home...
I don't even care.
If you were going to cry, you should have left.
You have done well to endure your fear.
You are brave soldiers.
You have my heartfelt respect.
Salute!
I'm Squad Leader Ness.
And this is Shallot, my horse.
She loves to chew off your hair,
so be careful if you don't want to be bald.
Nice to meet you all!
Hey! S-Stop it, Shallot!
Hey, someone grab her!
Our training began the next day.
Instead of practical training, \Nit was mostly memorizing the
long-range scouting formation \NCommander Erwin had devised.
Strangely,
while it was written in exacting detail,
Eren Jaeger's position was nowhere to be found.
You new recruits will be here.
You'll be between the cart guard team
and the recon support team.
Your job will be to ride alongside the \Nspare horses and relay messages.
The Special Operations Squad will be here.
Standing by in the center of the last ranks.
We're pretty far back.
It's the safest place in the formation.
We're even better protected \Nthan the supply carts.
Well, this time, our goal is \Njust to go out and return.
This expedition is so short
because it's a practice run for \Nyour journey to Zhiganshina.
Um...
I still don't know what this \Npower should be used for...
Did you understand what the \NCommander's question meant?
What do you think the enemy is?
Did you all understand?
No...
It may be a lie to claim \Nwe understand everything.
But I think—
It's possible this mission has another goal.
But the Commander decided
it was best not to reveal that\N fact to the soldiers.
So we should just focus on \Ngetting there and back.
Believe in the Commander.
Right...
That's all the training for today.
Prepare to go back.
Th-That's...
Sir, may I go talk with my classmates?
Get going...
Hey, Mikasa! Armin!
Eren...
Feels like it's been a long time!
Eren, did they do anything bad to you?
Like investigating every square inch of you?
Or psychological torture?
No way.
That short guy went too far.
Someday, I'll see him pay for it.
You don't mean Captain Levi, do you?
Hey, Eren...
It's been so long!
What? Everyone's here?
But if you're here, then...
That doesn't mean you joined \Nthe Survey Corps, does it?
Is there any other reason we'd be here?
So only Jean, Annie, and Marco \Njoined the Military Police?
No way... Not you, too!
Marco's dead.
What was that?
Did you say Marco's dead?
Seems not everyone gets a dramatic death.
I don't even know how he died.
He died without anyone knowing, or anyone seeing.
Marco...
Hey, new kids, get over here!
Your uniforms are here!
Are you really...
Yes, we'll also be participating in the mission.
Hey, Eren.
I heard that when you turned into \Na Titan, you tried to kill Mikasa.
What does that mean?
No. Eren was trying to hit a fly...
I wasn't asking you.
Mikasa, it looks like the wound \Non your cheek is pretty bad.
When did you get that?
I've heard it's true.
When I became a Titan, \NI tried to kill Mikasa.
If you heard, then you don't remember it, right?
In other words, you had no idea \Nyou even had this Titan power,
and you don't have the means to control it.
Yes, that's right.
Did you hear that?
This is the situation.
Humanity and our lives depend on him.
We'll probably die just like Marco,
without Eren ever realizing it.
Jean, what's the point in asking \NEren these questions now?
Listen, Mikasa.
Not everyone's like you,
willing to die for Eren's sake \Nwith nothing in return...
We should know what we're dying for.
Otherwise, we will hesitate \Nwhen the time comes.
We want something in return from him.
So let me see what he has to offer.
And whether it's worth my life.
So, Eren...
I'm really counting on you.
Right.
Sir, it's almost time.
We've driven away all the Titans in the area.
Thirty seconds until we open the gate!
It's the Survey Corps!
They call the emblem on their \Nback the Wings of Freedom!
So cool...
It's time!
Humanity will take another step forward.
Show me what you can do!
Open the gate!
Advance!
We will now begin the 57th \Nexpedition beyond the walls!
Onward!
Entering long-range scouting formation,
the Survey Corps advances beyond the walls.
However, they suddenly encounter
a mysterious Titan that possesses intelligence.
Female Titan \N57th Expedition Beyond the Walls (1)
