We don't have a choice.
The world is cruel.
I'll wipe you out...
No...
I'll kill you!
That day, humanity remembered...
the terror of being ruled by them.
The humiliation of being kept in a cage.
Eren!
Eren...
The Wall \NRaid on Stohess District (3)
Let us pray for the well-being \Nof the three goddesses,
Maria, Rose, Sina.
For our continued peace and safety...
You must not doubt the holy walls!
The walls of light, born of god's hand,
will become stronger through \Nour devotion and faith.
An innocent heart, believing in god,
is our only protection from the Titans!
Our only way to keep them at bay—
A Titan?
What's it doing here?
No...
Stay away from the walls...
Not the walls!
This time, it seems he's retaining control.
Yes.
But Eren's never managed \Nto beat the Female Titan.
Now that he's a Titan, \Nhe must be prepared to fight...
He won't go down so easily—
Willpower alone isn't enough in battle.
You know that, Jean!
Defeating Annie will require far more...
An open area!
The Female Titan's heading for an open area!
We can't use Maneuver Gear there!
Split up and work your way \Naround to the other side!
Roger!
Hurry, hurry, hurry!
This doesn't make sense...
What's a Titan doing here?
Annie...
You always acted like you found \Neverything incredibly stupid.
{\fad(1,446)}You always seemed bored.
But there were times \Nwhen you looked alive...
When you were showing off your martial arts.
You said none of it mattered, but...
To me, it didn't look like \Nyou really believed that.
I just thought you were a terrible liar...
Tell me, Annie...
What are you fighting for?
What could have been worth \Nkilling all those people?!
What is this?
Squad Leader,
even if we can capture the Female Titan,
they might destroy the whole city first!
We do it, regardless.
That was Erwin's decision.
Be ready to capture her.
Yes, sir.
Eren...
No one told me anything about this...
Why are Titans fighting here?
What's going on?
Titans fighting each other?
Yes...
The damage to the city is unbelievable!
There are many casualties, \Nboth civilian and military.
Erwin! Is all this due to your plan?!
That's correct.
All of this was my personal decision.
I don't intend to make excuses.
You must have known what would happen
if you executed a plan like this in the city.
How? How could you do this?
To lead
humanity to victory.
Bullshit!
You're a traitor!
I could execute you right here and now, \Nand none of the brass would even care!
That's fine by me.
But then you must assume command.
You must not let the Female Titan escape.
Paehl's in charge of formation.
Vyler oversees supply.
Work with them to drive her \Nto the east wall at all costs.
{\a6}W-Wait... Wait!
Are you...
Are you really telling me
that this will help humanity?
I believe it is a step forward.
Lower your guns, all of you.
Handcuff him!
Yes, sir.
Deploy all of our men.
Your priority is civilian \Nrescue and evacuation!
Yes, sir!
Erwin, a trial will decide your punishment.
Once this is over, I'll submit to one with pleasure.
Levi, you stay put.
You dislike pointless deaths.
Yeah, you're right.
I despise it, whether it be mine or my \Ncausing someone else's.
Someone who can't sacrifice anything
can never change anything!
In order to overcome a monster, \Nyou must be willing
to throw aside your humanity.
Annie is certainly capable of doing that...
Annie...
Annie!
Annie...
Your dad is the only one on your side.
I'll...
kill the Titans...
Every last one of them!
Eren!
That's...
Eren!
Don't!
Right now, we don't know if \NEren can recognize you...
H-Hey...
Hey!
The wall!
Does she intend to climb over it?!
No...
She's going to get away!
I won't let that happen!
Annie...
Fall.
Annie...
I was wrong.
It's too late to ask your forgiveness.
But...
There's one thing...
I want to ask of you.
You can make the whole world your enemy...
I'll destroy the entire world!
Even if the whole world hates you,
your dad is the one person who is on your side!
Crap... He'll eat the girl inside, too!
Don't, Eren!
Eren!
I am free...
So promise me...
That you will return...
What happened?
What?
They're fusing?!
Eren!
Don't eat a valuable witness, you idiot.
What We Can Share So Far: The Walls (1) - The year 784... One blistering hot night, a miner decided to dig under Wall Sina, to live within the inner ring. "Life in Wall Sina would be pretty nice." That thought had come to him suddenly a few days ago, as he dug with his shovel, deep in a coal mine. In a way, you could call it divine inspiration. And so, for the next few days, he wandered along the wall, finally settling on a spot where the dense forest pressed against it. No one would chance upon him, and the overhead leaves would shelter him and his task from the prying eyes of the guards above. On the next night, he began. Using his trusty shovel, the miner began to dig. The work went smoothly, and before long, the pit was as deep as he was tall. When he could no longer fling the dirt outside it, he stuffed it into sacks, climbing a ladder to discard it. Completely dedicated to the task at hand, he took only a few short breaks to drink water and to ease his weary muscles. After spending twenty years of his life digging without a day of rest, the miner knew he was an expert at it. And during that time, he'd learned to dig deeper, more quickly, and more efficiently than anyone else. Tunnels that would stump any other miner were no match for his shovel. But that day was different. He dug for hours, yet never seemed to get anywhere. As he dug, he probed to either side of the main pit with his shovel, but it was of no use. The wall's foundation seemed to go down forever, deep into the earth, blocking his path at every turn. Still, he persevered. Any thought of digging his way to an easy life inside Wall Sina had been long forgotten. He simply wanted to conquer the wall. "I'm willing to bet all the years I've spent digging that I will beat this wall," he said to himself, wiping the sweat from his brow. The hole was more than four or five times the miner's height when he struck hard rock. He wondered, "Bedrock?" But it appeared to be of the same material as the wall's foundation itself. The miner swung his shovel down hard on the rock. The shovel shattered, but the rock was unscathed. The miner sighed, and his sigh was deeper than any hole he'd dug in the previous twenty years.
What We Can Share So Far: The Walls (2) - With a frown, his friend questioned, "The Wall?" "It's weird, isn't it?" the miner said, lifting his drink to his lips. "Who knew that the wall went so deep underground?" The pair sat across from one another at a table in the back of a tavern in a seedy part of town. Most days, the miner would go there with his friend, his only friend, after work. That day, the day after he'd tried to dig under the wall, they'd gone there as usual, once the workday was done. And then, the miner told his friend the story, certain that his friend could keep a secret. "Maybe we're surrounded by walls not only above the ground, but below the ground, too," said the miner. "Tell me something... What, exactly, are the walls?" His friend cut him off with a cough, glancing around the tavern. The patrons were all busy drinking, hitting on the tavern maid, or yelling at one another. No one was watching them. But even so, the miner decided not to say another word about it. If anyone heard him, the Military Police would be there in an instant. "Does it really matter?" his friend asked. "Just keep on living here as you always have. You're poor, but you have a job every day, and enough money that you can drink. Isn't that enough?" "Yeah," the miner replied. "Yeah, it is. I'll go back to digging. In the end, I guess that's my lot in life." But the next day, the miner didn't show up for work. Nor the next... Nor the day after that. His friend went to his house many times, but never saw any sign of him. The miner had no relatives, nor other close friends, so there was no one to ask where he might have gone. Unsure what to do, his friend eventually went to the Garrison, and told them the whole story. The next day, the Military Police and the Garrison organized a large-scale search party. It was a little excessive for one poor miner, even if that miner was a criminal who'd tried to pass under the walls. His friend couldn't understand why they were so bent on finding him. But they never found a trace of the miner, nor even the pit he'd dug. And one day, his friend also vanished, never to be seen again.
Eren...
Mikasa?
Where's Annie?
Damn it...
What is this?!
We've come this far, and you \Nstill won't say a word, Annie?!
Come out!
Come out and finish what you started!
Hey, this isn't fair... Annie! Annie!
Stop it.
It's useless.
Use the wires to make a net!
We'll tie it up and carry it underground.
Yes, sir.
If we can't get any information from Annie, \Nwhat do we have to show for all this?
We have caused so many deaths.
And yet, despite all those lives lost, \Nso many mysteries remain.
What did we accomplish?
I don't suppose we can call \Nthis operation a success...
No.
We have ensured the continued \Nsurvival of the Survey Corps,
most likely by the skin of our teeth.
I hope so.
Erwin...
I have several questions \Nabout this plan of yours.
If you had a suspect,
why did you not ask the Military Police for help?
Governor, that's because...
With the Female Titan potentially having allies,
I needed to limit the operation to \Nthose I was certain were uninvolved.
But what about the damage to Stohess from this?
Our best efforts were not enough.
You have our sincere apologies.
Do you think apologies are enough?!
Had we left her alone,
the walls would have been destroyed, \Nand far more would have died.
I see.
And after all the deaths this operation has caused,
do you have conclusive proof that it \Nhas forestalled humanity's extinction?
I can't imagine we'll be able to get anything
from Annie Leonhart now.
No, I doubt it would be possible.
In other words... This was all for nothing?
Eren...
Are you doing okay?
Yeah...
I've healed so fast, it's almost creepy.
I heard that Annie's still frozen.
Yeah.
Damn it!
We got nothing from that \Nmassive operation!
She was willing to go that far \Nto protect the information.
Yeah, she got away from us.
Eren's the one who allowed it.
Right, Eren?
Without that one instant...
Yeah,
you're right.
I couldn't do it.
When I saw Annie, I froze.
Armin Arlert...
Jean Kirschstein.
It's time for your questioning.
Yes, sir.
They're starting with us?
Okay, see you later.
Yeah.
It felt good at the time, you know...
It even felt good to get all beat up.
I thought I wouldn't even mind dying.
Eren!
That isn't how I feel now.
I'm glad that you
came back.
It's impossible for me to understand.
Abandon your humanity to overcome a monster.
That's the only way to win?
It's one possible way that humanity \Nmight defeat the Titans.
I think Eren can do it.
Tell me...
Even if he did become that monster, \Nand destroyed all the Titans...
Would that really be a victory for humanity?
Eat.
It won't be easy to overcome...
But I believe we have gained \Na tremendous opportunity
to ensure the survival of humanity.
Compared to when we never even imagined \Nthat humans could transform into Titans,
the very fact that we've captured one of \Nthe enemy is a massive step forward.
Yes, they are out there.
And we'll track them all down.
All the Titans within the walls.
Now it is our turn to attack!
The summons for Eren Jaeger and the \NSurvey Corps were suspended indefinitely.
The custody of Annie Leonhart was \Ngranted to the Survey Corps,
who kept her deep underground.
However,
it would still take
much sacrifice and time \Nbefore humanity learned
what it was that held them captive...
